Hey there you!, First of all Happiest Birthday to you .
I don't what I am going to write but bear with me it would be great.
When I saw you in first year for the first time, I sensed kindness, humbleness for the first time, your voice said it all. I never talked much to any girls in my high school not because i didn't want to but i thought everyone out there only needs attention and fame. Couple this with my behaviour and shy nature. Though some of them were nice but most of them were like me (highly introverted nature).

But you were different, atleast from my perspective. I could talk to you without any hesitation and freely. I really enjoyed your company, your voice, your thoughtfulness because you do have a pure and caring heart. This was the first time I thought that there is a person who can understand me( most of people think I am crazy and noob), our frequency really did match.

Whenever I used see you in the class I felt attracted to you, I felt proud, I wanted to listen your voice and really didn't care what others thought (especially vaishnavi). In second sem believe or not I only used to come to class to see you. If you were there I felt like I was the happiest person on the planet, if not I was hoping you will come till the end of the day. They say people have two faces, the one they show to others and the one they truly are, but in your case they were the same, no doubt people love your personality and crave for your attention.

It's true that I get jealous whenever you talk to other people( mostly boys), put their birthday wishes on your status but it's just basic human nature. The main reason for this is I really don't have lots of friends, thanks to my shy nature but I am really trying to work on it. Hope is a good thing is'nt it ?.

Although we have our own path to follow and we don't talk like we used to do, you will always be in my memory my friend.

Thank you for proving that the best way to live our life, is to always focus on the positive side of any situation, count our blessings, give our best, and never lose hope. 

Thank you for showing me that exceptions exist everywhere,
 
Thank you for being you, you. Because I genuinely believe no combinations of adjectives could be enough to describe you.

Also, 
Thank you for making khichidi more tasty and delicious to me, because of you I started eating it 

I think I need to stop now but lastly I want to say, 
You are dew drop on the rose petal,
You are the silver lining on the cloud in sky,
You are the smile of a new born.

Wish you a very 'HappyBirthday'. 

(NOTE: This note is saved and shared for training and quality purpose only no part of it should be shared or forwared to anyone)
  


 
